README.md, before:

# ISLAND PROJECT

## Team Information

  * Identifier: `qae`
  * Team name: Amazing Explorer
  * Members:
    *  [Thomas Jalabert](mailto:thomas.jalabert@etu.unice.fr)
    *  [Loïc Rose](mailto:loic.rose@etu.unice.fr)
    *  [Thomas Moras](mailto:thomas.moras@etu.unice.fr)

## Features Change log

### Week 52

The drone can scan the whole island and the crew access to the ground just after the drone find a creek. 

### Week 51

The Crew can acces to the ground when the drone find a Creek on the island. 

### Week 50

The bot can scan the island and find a creeks to access to the ground.

### Week 49

The bot can do composed actions (FlyAndScan, FlyUntil, ect ...)
The bot try to reach the coast and scan then stop (work in some cases)

### Week 48

The bot can fly and informations of the scan function are saved.

### Week 47

The bot can act several Echos to avoid the end of the map.
Informations of the echo function are saved in a map with the coordinate of each tile.
Coordinates are based on the origin point of the bot when it spawned.

### Week 46

The bot can charge a contract and stop to avoid crash.

Commit message:

Bug Fixed :
	- Null pointer when the drone goes to the ground (after seeking for).
	- Wrong direction echo for seeking the island.
Mise à jour du README
Mise à jour de quelques tests.
#QAE-113
#QAE-114

README.md, after:

# ISLAND PROJECT

## Team Information

  * Identifier: `qae`
  * Team name: Amazing Explorer
  * Members:
    *  [Thomas Jalabert](mailto:thomas.jalabert@etu.unice.fr)
    *  [Loïc Rose](mailto:loic.rose@etu.unice.fr)
    *  [Thomas Moras](mailto:thomas.moras@etu.unice.fr)

## Features Change log

### Week 53

Bug Fixed :
	- Null pointer when the drone goes to the ground (after seeking for).
	- Wrong direction echo for seeking the island.

### Week 52

The drone can scan the whole island and the crew access to the ground just after the drone find a creek. 

### Week 51

The Crew can acces to the ground when the drone find a Creek on the island. 

### Week 50

The bot can scan the island and find a creeks to access to the ground.

### Week 49

The bot can do composed actions (FlyAndScan, FlyUntil, ect ...)
The bot try to reach the coast and scan then stop (work in some cases)

### Week 48

The bot can fly and informations of the scan function are saved.

### Week 47

The bot can act several Echos to avoid the end of the map.
Informations of the echo function are saved in a map with the coordinate of each tile.
Coordinates are based on the origin point of the bot when it spawned.

### Week 46

The bot can charge a contract and stop to avoid crash.
